GH-95088: Clarified rules for parsing an item key for format strings. (#103779)
python/cpython: Doc/library/string.rst

The *field_name* itself begins with an *arg_name* that is either a number or a
keyword.  If it's a number, it refers to a positional argument, and if it's a keyword,

> it refers to a named keyword argument. A key is treated as a number if
> ``str(key).isdecimal()`` would evaluate to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it refers to a named keyword argument. An *arg_name* is treated as a number if
a call to :meth:`str.isdecimal` on the string would return true.
```
Use the same term as earlier in the paragraph, and link to the method so that users can look up what it does.

and the numbers 0, 1, 2, ... will be automatically inserted in that order.
Because *arg_name* is not quote-delimited, it is not possible to specify arbitrary
dictionary keys (e.g., the strings ``'10'`` or ``':-]'``) within a format string.

> The rules for parsing an item key is if it starts with a digit then it is treated as a

Reviewer: I would prefer to change the wording on line 229-230 above instead: after the existing sentence, add "A key is treated as a number if it starts with a digit."

Author: Sure, updated.
